docs: [WIP] November 2024 v3 Release Notes (#7414)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/docs/pages/releases/2024-11-20.mdx

{/* Copyright 2024 Adobe. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy
of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. */}

import {BlogPostLayout, Hero} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default BlogPostLayout;

---

description: TODO

> date: 2024-011-20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-11-20
```

OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. */}

import {BlogPostLayout, Hero} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default BlogPostLayout;

---

description: TODO

date: 2024-11-20
---

# November 20, 2024 Release

We’re excited to announce that our Accordion and Disclosure components are now generally available! This includes [Disclosure](/react-aria/Disclosure.html) and [DisclosureGroup](/react-aria/DisclosureGroup.html) in React Aria, as well as [Disclosure](/react-spectrum/Disclosure.html) and [Accordion](/react-spectrum/Accordion.html) in React Spectrum.

We are also excited to introduce the [ToggleButtonGroup](/react-aria/ToggleButtonGroup.html) component, as well as [Section-level selection groups](/react-aria/Menu.html#section-level-selection) in Menu.

Additionally, we are excited to announce that React Spectrum and React Aria are now [Typescript Strict](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#strict) compliant.

As always, thanks to everyone in our community for your feedback and contributions! ❤️

**Typescript Strict notice**

> React Spectrum and React Aria are now [Typescript Strict](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#strict) compliant. This has been an extremely large, multi-year effort. We thank you for your patience and for you understanding when it comes to how this affects your applications. The benefit is that our code will now run more predictably and places we were making assumptions about `null` vs `undefined` are now spelled out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Spectrum and React Aria are now [Typescript Strict](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#strict) compliant! This has been an extremely large, multi-year effort and we thank you for your patience. This helps us reduce bugs, particularly related to `null` checks, resulting in more correct type definitions for our APIs.

```
